README.md, before:

# TRMNL Mounts

this repo contains a growing collection of 3D printable mounting designs, useful for attaching TRMNL to magnetic surfaces like refrigerators or non stationary locations like a moving door.

see README inside each `/designs` directory for feature specs and printing instructions. if you don't have access to a 3D printer, we hear good things about Craft Cloud:
[https://craftcloud3d.com/upload](https://craftcloud3d.com/upload)

### fridge magnet

<kbd>![trmnl-fridge-magnet-front-preview](https://github.com/usetrmnl/mounts/blob/main/designs/fridge_magnet/preview/front%20-%20fridge_mount_3.1.png)</kbd>

### magnetic mounting plate

<kbd>![trmnl-magnetic-mounting-plate](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dd6d9ed2-b7f8-42ac-bbcd-28ae6d58514a)</kbd>

designed by @deisterhold, get the files:
https://makerworld.com/en/models/1388620-trmnl-magnetic-mounting-plate#profileId-1438495

### corner bracket

<kbd>![corner-bracket-front-preview](https://github.com/usetrmnl/mounts/blob/main/designs/corner_bracket/preview/front%20-%20corner_bracket_3.1.png)</kbd>

### Minimal Stand

![trmnl-stand-ctrl-alt](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8961a014-4682-4642-9116-865eb9ef53d2)

designed by @CtrlAlt, get the files:
https://makerworld.com/en/models/1267576-trmnl-stand-for-e-ink-dashboard

### BRKT

![trmnl-brkt-jonschwenn](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2da76cc-3f02-43fa-8e09-d0f6700798a5)

designed by @jonschwenn, get the files:
https://www.printables.com/model/1194757-trmnl-brkt

### TRMNL Stand

![trmnl-stand-rafbanaan](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf788dc2-d9f1-4ea9-ad45-caf90f97bcdd)

designed by @rafbanaan, get the files:
https://makerworld.com/en/models/1094514

### TRMNL Command Strip

![trmnl-command-strip-nail-hanger](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/121c192b-0546-4b00-b399-dcc7c2c42017)

designed by @jgcaruso, get the files:
https://makerworld.com/en/models/1189641-trmnl-command-strip-nail

### [WIP] The H

<kbd>![the-h-wip-preview](https://github.com/usetrmnl/mounts/blob/main/designs/the_h/preview/the_h.jpeg)</kbd>

### Skadis mount

![trmnl-skadis](https://makerworld.bblmw.com/makerworld/model/US3a1af63a9befc2/design/2025-02-27_1cf7c90d0e8c5.jpg?x-oss-process=image/resize,w_1920/format,webp)

designed by [@coops on MakerWorld](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1156997-trmnl-skadis-mount)

Commit message:

sturdy fridge magnet by @erikbuild

README.md, after:

# TRMNL Mounts

this repo contains a growing collection of 3D printable mounting designs, useful for attaching TRMNL to magnetic surfaces like refrigerators or non stationary locations like a moving door.

see README inside each `/designs` directory for feature specs and printing instructions. if you don't have access to a 3D printer, we hear good things about Craft Cloud:
[https://craftcloud3d.com/upload](https://craftcloud3d.com/upload)

### fridge magnet

<kbd>![trmnl-fridge-magnet-front-preview](https://github.com/usetrmnl/mounts/blob/main/designs/fridge_magnet/preview/front%20-%20fridge_mount_3.1.png)</kbd>

### sturdy fridge magnet

<kbd>![trmnl-beefy-fridge-magnet](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/94493388-19e6-4f62-ac63-d2783833e840)</kbd>

designed by @erikbuild, get the files:
https://www.printables.com/model/1311911-trmnl-sturdy-fridge-magnet-mount


### magnetic mounting plate

<kbd>![trmnl-magnetic-mounting-plate](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dd6d9ed2-b7f8-42ac-bbcd-28ae6d58514a)</kbd>

designed by @deisterhold, get the files:
https://makerworld.com/en/models/1388620-trmnl-magnetic-mounting-plate#profileId-1438495

### corner bracket

<kbd>![corner-bracket-front-preview](https://github.com/usetrmnl/mounts/blob/main/designs/corner_bracket/preview/front%20-%20corner_bracket_3.1.png)</kbd>

### Minimal Stand

![trmnl-stand-ctrl-alt](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8961a014-4682-4642-9116-865eb9ef53d2)

designed by @CtrlAlt, get the files:
https://makerworld.com/en/models/1267576-trmnl-stand-for-e-ink-dashboard

### BRKT

![trmnl-brkt-jonschwenn](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2da76cc-3f02-43fa-8e09-d0f6700798a5)

designed by @jonschwenn, get the files:
https://www.printables.com/model/1194757-trmnl-brkt

### TRMNL Stand

![trmnl-stand-rafbanaan](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf788dc2-d9f1-4ea9-ad45-caf90f97bcdd)

designed by @rafbanaan, get the files:
https://makerworld.com/en/models/1094514

### TRMNL Command Strip

![trmnl-command-strip-nail-hanger](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/121c192b-0546-4b00-b399-dcc7c2c42017)

designed by @jgcaruso, get the files:
https://makerworld.com/en/models/1189641-trmnl-command-strip-nail

### [WIP] The H

<kbd>![the-h-wip-preview](https://github.com/usetrmnl/mounts/blob/main/designs/the_h/preview/the_h.jpeg)</kbd>

### Skadis mount

![trmnl-skadis](https://makerworld.bblmw.com/makerworld/model/US3a1af63a9befc2/design/2025-02-27_1cf7c90d0e8c5.jpg?x-oss-process=image/resize,w_1920/format,webp)

designed by [@coops on MakerWorld](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1156997-trmnl-skadis-mount)
